# PyBer_Analysis
##We are to create visualizations of rideshare data for PyBer to help improve access to ride-sharing services and determine affordability for underserved neighborhoods.  To do this, we manipulated the provided CSV within data frames using matplotlib and pandas in order to best summarize trends, afforability and accessability. In summary, Urabn areas have a plethora of drivers earning lower fares.  Alternatively, rural communities overall have less drivers and greater fares. 

##The main challenge encountered while manipulating this data was to ensure we did not count duplicate drivers within each city type.  We needed to drop duplicate drivers which took some time to recognize the need to do so an write appropriate code for the target result. The code used was df.drop_duplicates(["city"]).

##There is opportunity to increase drivers in rural and suburan communities where fares are higher and there are less drivers.  Caution would need to be taken to not over employ drivers in rural and suburban areas and continued data analysis would be ideal.  It would be beneficial to have an analysis of customer waitime after calling for a driver and ride cancellations.  One could presume that greater wait times for drivers would equte to a greater need for drivers in particular areas.  Furthermore, ride cancellations would allow us to identify a customer who decided against PyBer service.  If there was a longer waitime for a ride prior to the ride being cancelled, we woul dhave a greater picture of scarce driver resources.
